TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION


1. DEFINITIONS

(i) "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction, and
distribution as defined by this document.

(ii) "Contributor" shall refer to any of the following individuals.
"Contributors" shall collectively refer to all of the following individuals,
who are collectively granting this License.

  a. Richard Bergmair;
       born FEB-14 1984 in Linz, AT;
       Churchill College, Cambridge CB3 0DS, UK.

(iii) "You" or "Your" shall mean an individual or legal entity exercising
any rights or permissions granted by this License.

(iv) "This Software" shall mean any software, including associated database,
documentation, configuration, and data files that can be obtained from the
internet with a URL prefixed by http://semantilog.ucam.org/. This includes
literal copies of files as downloaded, trivial modifications thereof, and
anything that can be obtained from such files in a fully automated fashion.

(v) "Derivative Work" shall mean any work of Your authorship that is based on
or derived from This Software. This includes any work that contains in full or
in part This Software, including literal copies, trivial and non-trivial
modifications, packages and aggregates.

(vi) "Original Source" shall mean a URL reference to

  http://semantilog.ucam.org/

(vii) "Copyright" also means copyright-like laws that apply to software or
other kinds of works, such as semiconductor masks or database rights.

(viii) "Patent" also means patent-like laws that apply to software or other
kinds of works, such as light patents or gebrauchsmuster.


2. RIGHTS AND PERMISSIONS COVERED BY THIS LICENSE

(i) This License defines the terms and conditions under which You may exercise
any rights or permissions to

  a. use;
  b. copy, reproduce;
  c. modify, repackage, merge, or otherwise
     prepare a Derivative Work of;
  d. distribute;
  e. publish, publicly display, publicly perform;
  f. import, offer to sell, sell, sublicense

This Software.

(ii) Under no circumstances shall any provisions of this License other than
those under Sections 5 and 6 be construed to limit any of Your rights or
permissions on Derivative Work other than This Software.


3. COPYRIGHT LICENSE

Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, the Contributors hereby
grant to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free
Copyright license to exercise the rights and permissions listed in Section 2.
This license is irrevocable, except as stated in Section 5.


4. PATENT LICENSE

If any Contributor holds patent claims necessarily infringed by exercising the
rights and permissions listed in Section 2, such Contributor hereby grants to
You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free Patent
license to exercise the rights and permissions listed in Section 2 of this
License. This license is irrevocable except as stated in Section 5.

For the sake of the above paragraph, "Patent license" shall include any express
agreement or commitment, however denominated, not to enforce a Patent (such as
an express permission to practice a Patent or covenant not to sue for Patent
infringement). To "grant" such a Patent license to a party means to make such an
agreement or commitment not to enforce a Patent against the party.


5. TERMINATION UPON INFRINGEMENT LITIGATION

If You institute Patent litigation against any entity (including a cross-claim
or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that This Software constitutes direct or
contributory Patent infringement, then all Your rights and permissions under
this License shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed. This
includes rights and permissions on This Software and on Derivative Work, all
rights listed in Section 2, and all rights granted to You under the provisions
of Sections 3 or 4.


6. REDISTRIBUTION OF DERIVATIVE WORK

You may redistribute Derivative Work only if

  a. You acknowledge the fact that such Derivative Work is derivative of This
     Software and display a reference to the Original Source in a place where
     a user of such Derivative Work can reasonably be expected to find it;

  b. You retain all copyright, patent, trademark, authorship, and other
     attribution notices from any portion of This Software contained in
     such Derivative Work.


7. TRADEMARKS

This License does not grant permission to use the trade names, trademarks,
service marks, or product names of any Contributor, except as required for
reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of This Software.


8. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, the Contributors
provide This Software on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS
OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any
warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining
the appropriateness of using or redistributing This Software and assume any
risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License. Should
the program prove defective, You assume the cost of all necessary servicing,
repair or correction.


9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

In no event and under no legal theory, whether in tort (including negligence),
contract, or otherwise, unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate
and grossly negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be
liable to You or any third party for damages, including any general, special,
direct, indirect, incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising
arising from Your exercising permissions under this License, or Your inability
to exercise permissions under this License. This shall be the case, even if such
Contributor has been advised of the possibility of such damages. 

This includes, but is not limited to, damages for loss of data or data being
rendered inaccurate or for failure of the program to operate with any other
programs. It also includes loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure
or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or losses. Furthermore,
it includes losses sustained by You or any third party.
